We get back and ID token.
Now of course we also want to use it.
This ID token allows us to send requests to protect the resources on the server.
Right now we don't have such protected resources.
But let's switch back to our fire console and let's go to the database tap There there go to rules and
now I want to lock this database down.
Currently we're giving everyone read and write access.
Now I want to set this to offene could add users only at least for writing data by setting this rule
here all of an equal to NULL does essentially mean set of checks whether we send a valid Jason Webb
token with that incoming request and only if we do so only if authenticated user is trying to write
only then it succeeds.
Reading should be open to everyone.
Writing should not.
Now we actually need to send debt.
Can we get up and log in to our Bacchante and this is something we can now do by attaching it to our
right focused requests which we can find in our store and directions to get at post and we get added
posts.
These are the two types of actions where we actually change something on the backend.
Now for that we need the tokened as I mentioned.
So this token which in the end gets returned to us when we successfully sign in what in turn happens
here.
Now two things can be done or should be done.
One we should store to tokin and our view x store is a great place to do so.
Second we should also put this logic here into action probably so that all our actions all HTP requests
live in our store and are not split up between pages and the store.
So first of all I will wrap this entire code here where we send the request and go to my next genius
fall in the store folder.
Now there I want to add a new action which is authenticate user.
There I get my state and I get my payload my off data.
We could say it here.
I of course want to still sent my request but dis log in is not a whaleboat in here.
That was a property of our component.
So let's assume that our off data simply has to log in property now.
So we need to pass this.
We also need to access email and password and this should also be accessed on all of the data.
So this all data object should have free properties is log in email and password X-ists can still be
accessed like this as we did earlier.
You can use this access in the store.
So now we want to dispatch this action from within our off file here.
Our off in next of you fall I do this by simply calling this store dispatch.
And then we name that authenticate user.
Right.
So that's the action we just created a second ago this action.
Now there we need to pass our special payload.
So let's do that let's go back here.
And as a second argument I'll pass an object where I have is log in which will hold this log in as a
value.
Ray have my e-mail which holds this email as a value and where I pass the password which of course accesses
this password.
Now we're dispatching this action here from our off screen Indian Express for indie action method here.
We now want to store the token once the action completes so once we get back a response for this I will
add a new mutation.
So let's go up to mutations which I'll call set token set token will get my state here and that of course
was an error in the action we get view x context not the state.
So make sure to change this in the mutation we get to state though.
And I also get my payload which should be the token and then I want to set a state token equal to token
or initialize this and I will add a token here which is null initially.
So now we have the set token mutation which takes the token all we now have to do is committed.
So here in our of any case user action when we do get a successful response then I want to actually
execute view x context commit set token and pass result ID token was the name of the property that holds
the token with this approach here.
We're storing the token in our view x store once we get I know also want to return this axiom request
you're in my action.
So did any of it next of you fall.
We can actually add a then block and once we're done we can actually navigate away.
So then I can use my router to push back to let's say the admin page with all this in place.
Let's try it out.
Let's go back to our application here and let's try signing in.
So modem set to log in let me enter valid credentials and I get redirected.
This is looking good.
Let's now look into our view def tools and they're in the store.
We indeed see the token.
So now the tokens in the store in the next lecture we'll actually use it to attach it to outgoing requests.